Openuniverse tutorial updates ahead of Sep 15 webinar (#370)
Caltech-IPAC/irsa-tutorials: tutorials/simulated-data/OpenUniverse2024/openuniverse2024_quickstart.md

The OpenUniverse2024 data live on the cloud in a public AWS S3 bucket and can be accessed anonymously using `s3fs`. This section shows how to establish that connection, navigate the directory tree, and inspect the contents of a FITS image file.

> In the path below, `simple_model` refers to the simulated images with noise and realistic instrument effects, as opposed to `truth` images which are noise-free. The `full` simulation covers the complete survey footprint. See the [OpenUniverse2024 paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.05632) for details on how it was produced. A `pointing` is a unique Roman observation visit — each pointing corresponds to one placement of the 18-detector focal plane on the sky, producing up to 18 individual FITS files (one per detector).

Reviewer: Let's try and use DOIs so we get nice references. Also cut up the paragraph to one sentence per line.

```suggestion
In the path below, `simple_model` refers to the simulated images with noise and realistic instrument effects, as opposed to `truth` images which are noise-free. 
The `full` simulation covers the complete survey footprint. See the [](https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/staf1833) for details on how it was produced. 
A `pointing` is a unique Roman observation visit — each pointing corresponds to one placement of the 18-detector focal plane on the sky, producing up to 18 individual FITS files (one per detector).
```

Author: done.

### 2.1 Inspect the SNANA Transient Catalog

> `inspect_parquet_files()` reads only the Parquet metadata footer to print the row count and column names — no data is loaded into memory.

Reviewer: nice catch!
